Object keys uniqueness check (#461)
avenga/couper: CHANGELOG.md

  * Couper [reads and merges configuration files](./docs/CLI.md#global-options) from a given directory ([#437](https://github.com/avenga/couper/pull/437))
    * provided via `-d` command-line flag or `COUPER_FILE_DIRECTORY` environment variable

* **Fixed**

>   * Keys in object type attribute values are only handled case-insenstively if reasonable (e.g. the represent HTTP methods or header field values) ([#461](https://github.com/avenga/couper/pull/461))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Keys in object type attribute values are only handled case-insensitively if reasonable (e.g. they represent HTTP methods or header field values) ([#461](https://github.com/avenga/couper/pull/461))
```
